Gwenevere Abriel: Shalom, welcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sean
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to open up a note that via just a little silence on my part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't mean you can't share but just let me know. It can feel a little awkward, much like a phone call when there's silence, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta concentrate here.
Gwenevere Abriel: fer
Gwenevere Abriel: fer fer fer fer fer give me a chance to see whether we need to review goals. Last time we were vehicle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are good day. Okay, we're good. Yeah, we're good. We don't do it till the end of the month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have something kind of present for you as you're coming in here today that maybe you want to start with.
Shaun W.: No.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have an idea. You want to go with my idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you know the expression, the pink elephant.
Gwenevere Abriel: To know that expression.
Shaun W.: Yeah, the pink open the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What do you think are pink elephant is
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, well, let's see, for example, how excited, were you to come in here today to meet with me.
Shaun W.: Maybe there's more to as
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, because we have humor. You and I have sense of sense of humor. We can usually get through difficult moments with our sense of humor. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what do you think the thing is
Was
Gwenevere Abriel: Anger, irritation, a little bit this morning before coming in thinking, I don't wanna
Shaun W.: I didn't have anger. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about irritation.
Shaun W.: Yeah, a
Gwenevere Abriel: Little bit. So if that if that part that has to do with where maybe once there wasn't as much irritation. Now there is maybe that's the pink elephant. Maybe it's that piece. Do you think
Shaun W.: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. No, you couldn't name one, you don't think that you could you could identify one
Shaun W.: Blue just getting this over with the leaders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so there's still this awareness that it's a requirement of probation, that sense that it's get it over with.
Gwenevere Abriel: So not really wanting to be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: irritation and not really wanting to be here right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And do you think that that might be in the way of being able to take on and learn new things when you're irritated not really wanting to be somewhere. Do you think it might get in the way of being able to take in new information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, probably not. You think when kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, forced to go
Shaun W.: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think adults would are forced to go somewhere that they can absorb information as easily as when
Gwenevere Abriel: They want to be there.
Shaun W.: Will be candle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Making can Where'd you learn that that they can
Shaun W.: Do they can I know I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can. Okay. All right. Well, let's go with that then. So I have this little list here that I have had for an eternity and you'll be able to tell because it's all worked and scratchy looking
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at it together and that can be sort of our focus today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just kind of look through it. It just sort of going with even with irritation today and wanting to get today over with that you can still sort of try on new information and let in.
Gwenevere Abriel: knowledge and insight and reflection. So let's look at these together and just notice. Notice if your body responds in any particular way to any of these or if you really have a sense of, but this. Oh, I don't like this one and then maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have a strong reaction to one or two or more, just let me know what they are. And let's maybe explore them a little further. So let's look at this list these this, this is a
Gwenevere Abriel: comprehensive list of a relapse symptom list. Now, these could either be precursors to a slip that's coming. Because my understanding of a relapse, is that it can take years.
Gwenevere Abriel: An individual could be preparing for a relapse long in advance of actually using okay and so that's what's so amazing about this particular dis ease
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that it isn't just the use, it's actually the stinking thinking okay so let's just take a look at some of these together and see if you would mark any of them. So would you mark number one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you might say I start doubting my ability to stay sober. Do you think that you are doing that somewhat
Shaun W.: Low
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi. Oh, your audio and out your back. Now, I don't know.
Shaun W.: Yeah, yeah, this thing somebody just called my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that everybody gets knocked out of their audio when they get called or texted did you can you see this and you hear my invitation to just look at each one
Shaun W.: Number one. Yeah, no.
Shaun W.: I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So number one, I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good. So you're not doubting your ability to stay silver
Shaun W.: Were three
Gwenevere Abriel: You say number three is uh yeah let me see. Number three, I adamant. I am adamantly convinced myself that I will never use again are you focusing on the drinking. Is that what you're doing with that one.
Shaun W.: Well I don't drink alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your focus. Do you see that it says all never use again. Do you see that
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you saying yes to
Shaun W.: Saying that I see that to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll never use again.
Shaun W.: Your yeah
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we go back up to number one for a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: When, when we were in group. And you were saying, Well, I don't want to relapse on heroin. Right. I want to take two strips or at least two strips. I want more doc, can I have more. Do you see how it makes me wonder if you are doubting your ability. Do you see how I might have drawn that conclusion.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. But you said no.
Shaun W.: No, I didn't. What I said I said I convinced myself every day that I'm not using number three.
Gwenevere Abriel: I convinced myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that word is really a powerful one. Isn't it I convince myself.
Okay.
Shaun W.: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't know number one is a no. But I brought us back up to number one and I was asking if you could imagine that I could draw that conclusion based on what you were saying, and grew up your concerns about not wanting to relapse on heroin, like I'm wanting to go back and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's move on. So, number four. What do you think about that one. I decide being asked.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is all I need to which means
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm using
Gwenevere Abriel: Pills, Heroin, then that's it. That's all I need. I don't need this talk therapy. I don't need nothing else. I just need to not be using heroin or short acting opiates. Do you do that thought. Do you have that thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Under five I tried to force sobriety on others, you don't
Shaun W.: Stop. I stopped talking to somebody, because he he was getting it. So I told him.
Shaun W.: He just got off so I stopped talking to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now, don't you think that's a little different than forcing my sobriety don't think you just set a limit you protected your recovery. That's different than oh hey you on the street. Come here is another way. Come here.
Shaun W.: No, but at the same time. I'm telling a mom. I'm not going to eat all with you if you're getting high.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's you, setting a boundary Sean it real. That's wise and I think anyone in recovery treatment would say good job to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not you knocking on doors and saying, Hey, try this recovery thing. It's better than the way you're living your life you're protecting your own aren't you protecting your own sobriety by pulling away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you say do you say yes to number five.
Shaun W.: Kinda, yeah cuz I was trying to force somebody to get off because he just got out and I stopped in your on them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me how you forced him to
Shaun W.: I was just, I wasn't forcing them, but I was trying to get him to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: How to try
Shaun W.: John mccain Kiki with the music tonight. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you leverage the relationship. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I could see that I could see how you go with a yes on that. Let's go to number six, I became overconfident about my recovery.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. So you have some uncertainty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: I avoid talking about my problems and my recovery.
Shaun W.: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So who do you talk to
Shaun W.: Memory. Yeah, talk to you.
You talk
Gwenevere Abriel: A little a little miss because we're not connecting in group and we're not, we had a little test with every other week and we had
Gwenevere Abriel: A mister
Mister
Shaun W.: Mister, we used to have Miss every other week.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did not
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but you're, you're, you're not bothered by only only me you're you don't long to want to have more people that you can kind of let it all hang and just kind of like say
Shaun W.: I really don't.
Shaun W.: Know, I really don't care to think they're talking my palms other people. There's really no other business.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, number eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said yes to this one I behave. I think you did. Again, there's some disconnect on today, you said yes to them and I see what yet. Number eight is it's I behave compulsively I overwork are under work I overtalk or withdraw, etc. So what do you feel is your compulsive behavior.
Shaun W.: All of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really overwhelmed.
Shaun W.: Because sometimes I sometimes I will work on the words sometimes I don't shut up.
Okay.
Shaun W.: Sometimes I do it, I don't talk at all. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it swings, like the pendulum swings wide.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you see that that might be a risk factor for substance use down the line, how, what's the connection between those two do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see any connection.
No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's something from us to explore. Let's keep. Let's see if I can get all of this. It's such a long list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Each one
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just going to do. Okay. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I overreact to stressful situations. What about that one.
Shaun W.: Yeah, sometimes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think so. Okay, let's see. Yes. And then number 10 I start isolating myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Number 11 I become preoccupied with one area of my life. So that's maybe where the stuff comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say yes or no. What do you think
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I start having minor depressions. So there's sort of right not enjoying activities as much not really appetite might start going down additional sleeping or disrupted sleep things sort of those
Gwenevere Abriel: The signs of depression sneaking in
Gwenevere Abriel: 12 to know
Shaun W.: Yeah, totally. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I totally yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay 13 I start unrealistic or haphazard planning. What do you think of that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh, what kind of a planner, are you
Shaun W.: What is haphazard me
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: not thought through.
Gwenevere Abriel: It the the sequence of things is like you don't kind of hadn't thought that in order to let's say I want to get a driver's license and I just
Gwenevere Abriel: I made an appointment, but I hadn't been driving yet or asked my parents. So the sequence of things is out of order and I'm doing it impulsively and haven't thought it through.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not you
Shaun W.: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and let's see 14
Gwenevere Abriel: I live in the there. And then what does that make you think about there. And then I live in
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And 15 I find my life plans beginning to fail.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And 16 I start idol daydreaming and wishful thinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's, uh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright 17
Gwenevere Abriel: I knew my oh 17 is so you view your problems as something that can be solved.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay 18 I long for happiness don't really know what it is.
Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: 19 I have 14 having fun.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: 20
Gwenevere Abriel: I overanalyze myself.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I become irritated with friends and family.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
That's uh yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I experienced periods of confusion. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When do you get yourself confused. When do you notice that happens.
A lot
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a piece of you, I really truly, I can't even fathom. When do you feel confused.
Shaun W.: Is it has to be a certain situation because sometimes I get confused. Sometimes I think
Shaun W.: Like I can't think straight
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did it happen as recent as this morning.
Shaun W.: No.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Shaun W.: I'm not here to to come on here.
Shaun W.: I have to do it.
Shaun W.: I'm really not that
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we're talking about confusion and. But then we're coming back to irritation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am by the end of this whole thing you were you're gonna you're gonna be able to be a therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, no, you know,
Shaun W.: You know what I used to want to be a kill my dream was to be a counselor for kids in gangs and and try to help kids games. I used to do. I wanted to do that. My life. So that was my dream job to be a counselor and help kids again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would be amazing at it still would be in fact even better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you can do it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we're doing it. We're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the reality is just picture me walking into a room full of 13 year olds and 15 year olds, right, they're not going to want to listen to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I don't have the street credit I sound like an idiot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right or phony
Shaun W.: Know you saw your tells her
Gwenevere Abriel: But they, but that's not what they want to see. They want to know that I relate to their lives and I don't look like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you could. So don't let that dream ago I could really see that being a thing.
Shaun W.: You know, I'm the last time I got all your mom told me that she had a thing where I go talk to kids again and I got arrested. I was like, damn, I was like I was all happy and then I got arrested.
Shaun W.: She had like some program was three years ago.
Shaun W.: She asked me for wanting to be part of it. Yeah. And then I got end up getting arrested.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep going. This is turning out pretty fruitful. Let's go to number 23 Oh baby, I'm easily angered. Okay, uh,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Shaun W.: Number 24 I bought a low tolerance for bullshit.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Are you talking about other people's bullshit.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know when people are bullshitting you
Shaun W.: I don't know. I'm just good at it.
Shaun W.: I don't know, just
Shaun W.: Little voice man just tells me
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think I have that same voice.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, then, what makes you so good.
Shaun W.: Oh no, I just, maybe, I think, is the way I grew up, you learned a watch people's body language and you learn to look for liars.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though you knows that we are lying. What do you do with the information do you confront us. Do you throw your hands in the air, walk away. What do you do
Shaun W.: Oh no, use the I confront because I have a hard time walking away. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can find. But when someone's lying. They're unlikely to agree with you on the unlikely to say, oh yeah, I'll be out
Gwenevere Abriel: Aren't we mostly going to defend our original. We don't want to be called out, so we're
Shaun W.: Oh no, I just figured i just want to let them know you know your for shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then you don't look like a soccer.
Shaun W.: I just don't know.
Shaun W.: Growing up in the system. You know, you get good at learning
Shaun W.: Spot liars, you learn the hard way to spot liars.
Gwenevere Abriel: And 24 I begin blaming people, places, things and conditions for my problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: 25 I began doubting that he's I begin doubting that I have a dis ease
Shaun W.: No, no, no, no. And 26 is. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see twice I
Gwenevere Abriel: eat turkey. Okay, so what what do you, what do you know, eating more salty sugary fatty foods. What do you know I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not a sugary, sugary. And then I just I don't I don't eat. I just snack, like all the on something like
Shaun W.: Yesterday, I think all he was peanuts all the like I wasn't hungry. I'm like, I'm not hungry now.
Shaun W.: Weird. I don't know. I've been tripping on that on my my appetite by been throwing up every morning.
Shaun W.: That D. When I miss counseling. I was sick. I kept throwing up
Shaun W.: That drop every morning. Like, it seems like that, once I throw up. I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're throwing up every morning.
How long
Shaun W.: But two weeks, three weeks.
Shaun W.: So I think it's my bladder and some, it seems I used to have like an overactive bladder race to urinate all day long, like every 10 minutes. You don't need now a year. Any like once or twice a day.
Shaun W.: And it's kind of true. Now when it comes out. It's like dark, dark, dark yellow
Yeah, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. Um, how much liquid, you actually drinking
Shaun W.: Because they're gonna start on
Shaun W.: My lips are incorrect or nothing. Oh, my lips are fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much, how many
Gwenevere Abriel: How many of these a day are you drinking
Shaun W.: None
Shaun W.: A good coffee in the morning and I didn't get to read when I'm at work.
Shaun W.: So one
Eight.
Shaun W.: Ball three cups of coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I bet you've got some dehydration going on when your urine stark like that that's supposed to be what I was told. As canary yellow nice light yellow
Color
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy kidney bladder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's keep going about 26 is a solid. Yes. Now that can also be part of, you know, how we were saying a depression sneaking in
Gwenevere Abriel: Our food. Notice food starts to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have a decreased appetite.
Gwenevere Abriel: That starts to change. So that might be a part of the Depression that's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: 27
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that one I have listless period. So you have times where you're just sort of aimlessly, kind of like not happy. I'm not sad. I'm not mad. I'm not excited. I'm just like, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel kind of blah in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Well, how do you feel most of the time.
Shaun W.: I feel
Shaun W.: Uncertain sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: So that is that in like family of anxious
Shaun W.: No sub life. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Certain life uncertainty. So those are thoughts get into that later but 28 let's I gotta keep myself focused here 28 I sleep irregularly
Gwenevere Abriel: Over or under sleeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're an under sleeper.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's been that way for quite some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: 29 I progressively lose my daily routine. Just curious about that one for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, with this change in the vomiting with this change in eating habits. Has your routine kind of changed what you're doing throughout the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Shaun W.: Is change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: wasn't going anywhere. But for us. Anyway, so it's good.
Shaun W.: News. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Shaun W.: Let me see what 3030 ones. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait a minute, I'm not running through it. I want to
See
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 I experienced periods of deep depression that was yes. Are you in one now.
Shaun W.: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how do you said yeah so you wouldn't you be the one to know
Shaun W.: To experience. Here's a deep depression. Yeah, I think.
Shaun W.: Yeah, I was told my brother that I said I was telling him I think I'm getting depressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, cuz look at look at your eating right look at what's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eating and if you're going around most days like this. I don't know about my own life. Isn't that that is listless that's I I'm anxious. I don't understand like you didn't give me sentences. You just said about life about my life but that would be a sign.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of depression. I think that's an important one. I think we could probably spend quite a bit of time on that. That's a yes let's go to 31 you said yes to I sporadically at a, I don't know whether you
Shaun W.: Know I said no.
Gwenevere Abriel: 32 I develop. I don't care attitude.
Shaun W.: Yeah, when I get mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And has that ever preceded a relapse. Like, I don't care. This is stupid.
Shaun W.: I haven't read launched yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me rephrase, have you ever had an i don't care attitude preceded which means came before a slip
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's pretty common. That's pretty big. I call it the efforts.
Shaun W.: You know what it is. I noticed when I start not carry and I start thinking mom going all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's the buckets right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't care. They don't care Phuket
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a real high risk moment right there because there's nothing to stop you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we're adults.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if we can't think, oh, I'm on probation, parole. Some to keep me on extremely motivated. If I'm not internally motivated. It's a real high risk moment. Are you having any of those recently.
Shaun W.: No reason I was when I went on the run, last time. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you start if they start sneaking in I definitely want to know, because those are red flags, right, if there's this like reservation. We're preparing for a relapse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slick this this stuff it's it's progressive. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but I was 33. What's that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ooh, I hoard money sex or power.
Shaun W.: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 foot above above, for I openly reject help
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you recognize if you were doing that. And then that would be indeed a sign that you might
Shaun W.: Think that's
Shaun W.: That's gonna be on a person to person basis. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you know, I mean, obviously there's a short little sentences, but Sean has it ever been where
Gwenevere Abriel: You are setting yourself up for a slip where you were pushing away. People who cared about you, who wanted your sobriety, maybe even more than you did and you pushed it away and you said, I ain't worth it. Don't worry about. I got this. I don't
Shaun W.: Know,
Shaun W.: I don't know too many people that really gives us. It really that much. So I don't think there's too many people are really
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok I got good
Shaun W.: people sit back in
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so help in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, where does that exist where because if most of us are kind of full of shit. We don't really care about you. Right. How can you trust that the help is real and genuine
Shaun W.: Because it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just take over the last month, look at number 34 and and honestly answer to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think
Yeah.
Shaun W.: You get on me. I hope I can do it myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: The phrase that kind of helps me in those moments are things like this, my highest thought got me where I am today.
Gwenevere Abriel: My best thought got my ass using here, right.
That's what I do.
Shaun W.: Almost relapse like two weeks ago.
Shaun W.: And then I said, I said, why would I risk my life for one day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you answered back what I just want to know what you answered yourself back with. Why would I risked my life for one day. What did you answer back with
Shaun W.: That's just what I told myself that I didn't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about the life
Gwenevere Abriel: Your life that you are worth more than a temporary euphoric experience to me about what you value in your life, Sean.
Shaun W.: You seems like all my value everything I'm valuing is
Shaun W.: I guess I don't think
Gwenevere Abriel: I get deep right away. You're just trying to give me a little fun to make it all philosophical idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: But look what you did, you were able to say instead of i don't care asset you went to. I do care. I'm worth it. I'm my life is worth more than a short term fix high scape what I pressed in just now on was let's name those things and it is a little difficult for you to name them to say
Gwenevere Abriel: These are the things that are important to me because, remember, remember, earlier you were saying I have some confusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may not know what it is that you value, but they're there. And I think maybe in here, be able to sort of solidify. Some of those
Gwenevere Abriel: A one of them can't one of them be. You know what, there's a fighting chance I might have a
Gwenevere Abriel: rockin relationship with my daughter and my son. There's a fighting chance I might. I'm gonna stick around for that. What if that's it. What if it's just a glimmer of like I might. It might be awesome. What about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But is it what kept you from using
Shaun W.: Using was I want to live. I don't want to live like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice how I'm asking you, what does it mean to have a life.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, it's hard to answer.
Shaun W.: The thing is, I don't know yet what that is what it is to have a legit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay these questions that you're sitting with right now I think are going to get you there though your ears. You notice how these are things you probably sit with on a regular basis.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're hard to hard to look at all of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at 35. Let me see if I have done it right yeah 35 I develop aches and pains.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or, sorry about that. Just. Is that a yes or no. What do you think
Shaun W.: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll go with that. I'm 36 I'm rationalize that my using
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe make my life worse than it is now.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do you see the how that would be a red flag. If you were starting to have that thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that the justifying use maybe it may be something like that you've made, did you consider it a couple weeks ago maybe could it be even worse or, couldn't it be you probably sat with
Gwenevere Abriel: 37 I feel powerless.
Shaun W.: Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: 38
Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: 39
Gwenevere Abriel: I have fantasies about using
Shaun W.: Yeah, sometimes.
Gwenevere Abriel: 40. What's that one I begin to lock.
Console.
Gwenevere Abriel: My unconsciously.
Shaun W.: July I don't sit there and live like that. Another layer like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Shaun W.: I know I hold on, hold on, I know everyone lives, but I'm not one of those people that just sit there and like just make up stories like
Shaun W.: If I lie. It's probably to the police's on but it's mostly the lion to my friends and families. And I'll tell you the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about omission.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is omission, the same as a commission, you know the distinction between those two.
Shaun W.: No I don't Oh mission is like your meeting right
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's the other way. Our mission is I say here like this. I'm quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: But really, I was thinking of using I didn't say anything.
Shaun W.: Yeah. What is the word omission.
Gwenevere Abriel: To not so when you're talking to somebody you say you can you can be
Gwenevere Abriel: Dissing genuine right
Gwenevere Abriel: By co mission, which means I said she's a turkey. Well, that's obviously we all heard it. We saw it, you know, you wrote the text, but a co mission is I deliberately
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't do something I deliberately didn't say something and the whole plan fell apart. But it was a necessary piece. So by omission. The whole thing fell apart you when you're withholding the truth that that's an omission. It's
Shaun W.: Still fun. That's not me. Don't, don't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think of people
Gwenevere Abriel: That decide not to share what's going on with them.
Shaun W.: I think that's good because that's their, their palms. Everyone has their own problems. So just leave it to themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll come back to that. Let's keep going 41 I increase my use of aspirin non prescription medication. So, that can be a red flag to right we're starting to increase King
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it's drinking. Sometimes it's you're starting to pull out the buprenorphine. Look at it, man. I can take more of it right now, or actually start doing it. That would be
Gwenevere Abriel: That's actually self medicating behavior, actually. But do you ever do that where you're increasing non
Shaun W.: stink. No, but I was thinking about going on buying more you just buy it off the streets.
Shaun W.: But I'm not gonna do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm proud of you, because that's
Gwenevere Abriel: You were faced with something a couple weeks ago and I, I did not know, right, because that wasn't shared and you didn't get the help
Gwenevere Abriel: You did it on your own. And it's impressive, but it got risky.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not automatic for you to think
Gwenevere Abriel: I can reach out for help. And I'm guessing it's because you don't really believe a that I give a shit or that anyone in group gives a shit or that the doctor cares. And so maybe you cut yourself off from health because we believe we don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Possible.
Shaun W.: I know you don't care. You're just you're this, your job is making money.
Shaun W.: You don't care about this one is nothing nothing to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Shaun W.: I know you don't care, man. Just know that this is a job and this is how you make your money. That's how you make your living
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you think of the fools that don't think the way you think that they actually feel my unconditional regard for them. Do you think they're idiots suckers.
Shaun W.: Things are global.
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm a trickster to
Gwenevere Abriel: In its raw form. I'm also
Shaun W.: You're, you're a trickster you use words with which you know which most of us can't
Shaun W.: Have the definitions to so you'll start playing with us. I didn't say that. I didn't ask you that. Because a lot of people don't understand love the words you say
Shaun W.: The education on here is not good.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like education on
Shaun W.: Nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what do you mean to help me understand because those are words. I don't understand. What do you mean education not good on here. What does that mean, like,
Shaun W.: We don't understand a lot of stuff you say because you use words that we can
Shaun W.: We don't identify yes we don't
Shaun W.: We don't know the definitions. A lot of people won't say nothing goes act like they know the definition, but they don't say nothing. So use words because you're you're
Shaun W.: You're, you're more school did honestly I don't know us you can play mind games with those
Shaun W.: are trained to play mind games.
Shaun W.: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it'd be very difficult to accept my care. You really gotta
Shaun W.: You gotta be anybody. I guess that's just the way it is. It's going to be any counselor, I get
Gwenevere Abriel: No, but it's important. And so we just lingered on it a little bit longer. We stayed on a little bit longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or cursor here doing great.
Shaun W.: I had a few weird, they didn't want to let me in this morning. They're all i only already that event.
Shaun W.: Like there's something going on. So I didn't know, I started to like do something going on because
Shaun W.: He didn't know that I could hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that doesn't add to your concert people's
Gwenevere Abriel: Tear does it
Shaun W.: Know, because I haven't. I've read, I'm wondering, to my mind, why you're doing this right here because they haven't we done this before.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have no
Shaun W.: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to ask me a question.
Shaun W.: No, I did this ask you a question. You said you have no idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't ask me a question. You said I
Shaun W.: Did I said, haven't we done this before.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said
Shaun W.: You said, I have no idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm wondering if we've done this before.
Shaun W.: I didn't see it, but I'm wondering
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's record it.
Shaun W.: It doesn't
Shaun W.: The replay it back, playing back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't right now, we can do it next time.
Shaun W.: That's not what I said.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right, we could spend the whole time playing that and then you don't get the benefit of doing the activity, but
Shaun W.: You put this on, because you're trying to figure out that you can help me. So just transfer me to another counselor. Then, if that's what you're trying to do.
Shaun W.: If that's what you're trying to do, because that's, I think that's why you're doing this right here so you can just transfer me to another counselor. Do you want
Gwenevere Abriel: So mistrusting i mean i mean i listened to your stories and I think about how
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't finished my son's. What was I gonna say
Shaun W.: Boy, you can see when
Gwenevere Abriel: He's gonna say I think about, like, right now I'm thinking, how can I ask Sean TO TRUST ME WHEN HE HASN'T HAD AN attuned reliable relationship with
Shaun W.: I don't even know what what
Gwenevere Abriel: Certainly with your mom has been a shit storm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I represent that I represent yet one more person who's gonna let you down, not be honest be full of shit have another agenda and and I know that and I
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so I'm still here. I, I know my intention. So even though I hear you. I know, I know how much I care about my clients, so I'm not worried I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: I know how how I care.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I just think about how
Gwenevere Abriel: You robbed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of being able to benefit from this because you don't trust who saying it like all these
Shaun W.: I don't trust. Nobody when
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know. And I know that. And I know I'm in line with everybody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know I all I can do is keep showing up, even when you might be irritated or confused or frustrated, any number of things. All I can do is show up anyway and show you I'm I'm invested
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, that's all I can do. Right.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't expect trust to come easily because of your history. I don't expect it. I really don't.
Shaun W.: I trusted you, a little bit though I'm open to you. Sure.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: And yeah, it is hard. It's, it's difficult to to care to think I have some insight into
Gwenevere Abriel: How confusing. It would be for you to be in a world where you want connection with people, but then you don't trust the people that you want to connect with
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want, I want to give you these pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this thing where you kind of push help away. It does happen quite a bit.
Shaun W.: To get close to somebody to start pushing the morning
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, look, in my mind, Sean, that's logical because you're going to get hurt. Eventually, aren't you, someone was why why why Mr. Hardy.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we do, let's put a little pin in this one for just a moment and just notice just notice what that was like in here who be able to say to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you just, you're just here for money. And I know you don't care about and everybody else believes that you actually care. They're gullible. Like what is that like to be you.
Shaun W.: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that part of the confusion about life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Shaun W.: So cold world out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: How sweet and kind people can be
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't get to have one another.
Gwenevere Abriel: The promise of this life is we're going to love deeply and risk grief. It will seem like it will tear us apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they exist at the same time, we don't get one without the other. That's the deal with being human, and I wish I could tell somebody. Everybody, it'll just be this one thing and just be loving and sweet but to risk that kind of intimacy is to risk BONE CRUSHING heartache.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just, just a promise, this being a human. It's just, that's the deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you doing,
More
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think in our own unique way. You are not
Gwenevere Abriel: Addressed in our own style are going to be or Sean way do you think we addressed the pink elephant in the room in our own way. Do you think we did
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I do too. Right. We use I saw a little bit of humor. You got to be straight shooter, didn't she got to say straight up what you think, feel, believe and proceed right with me and I stake right here tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't name call you. I didn't run away. I didn't shame you just stay right here.
Shaun W.: Trained
Shaun W.: Trained individual
Shaun W.: You mix your words up and confused people
Shaun W.: You're good at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel
Shaun W.: A lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know that you can always say, and I thought I was really good at saying three or four different words in case I run across a word that's
Shaun W.: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot. But I could do that.
Shaun W.: You're smart. Yeah, you're very smart person.
Shaun W.: You're gay. You know what girls with their language like with words. Girls are very good with it like
Shaun W.: I don't know if they have to learn to grow up to use that because they're there. The week or the species. I think you guys are smarter. Use your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: We do have. We do have an inclination towards more language we we do females do
Shaun W.: Okay, that's, that's a college for real, because I can notice that
Shaun W.: Girls.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it yeah we
Gwenevere Abriel: We, we have this other thing, too. So we have this grass of words. First of all, we can grab them real quick. We also females. And I'm not going to go with were weak but physically yes we have smaller muscle mass and we're tend to be shorter
Gwenevere Abriel: It, but I did not leave her
Shaun W.: Hey, but you and I know
Gwenevere Abriel: This is an important piece, though. So when you want to give yourself a hard time
Gwenevere Abriel: females tend to have the ability to see connections between things in systems like they're going to see a relationship between something happening. We're going to probably see it so much faster. It's not because better. It's because different brain.
Shaun W.: I think it's because you guys had to you guys have learned to have to adapt to be the interior of the species so
Shaun W.: You guys have to
Shaun W.: Buy sister. My mom everybody's arguing either. I say, you guys have rights because men allow it.
Shaun W.: We allow you to have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for giving me my rights.
Shaun W.: You're welcome.
Shaun W.: But you know it's true.
Shaun W.: We allow it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want me to tell you what the actual argument against that is
Shaun W.: What Toby.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ready
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what your sister and your mother need to come back with that.
Shaun W.: Yeah, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Need to be like, You are so terrified by the amazing power that I can create life.
Shaun W.: Ah,
Shaun W.: Oh my god. Hey, bold on your hold on that life and you came from me.
Shaun W.: You're just the AIG. You're just a guy that life is the key for me. Hey, every baby has 2% more than that every child has 2% more I watched on the world news he said every single child they found out has 2% more of the dead.
Gwenevere Abriel: It terrified. And so you oppress us. That's my finally
Shaun W.: Killed by the right, hey, you know what, that's crazy hunks of the world suppresses women bad, like I feel bad for when when I look at that, like those other countries. I think what the
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing. Have you ever watched that there's a video out there. It is friggin amazing how I mean you watch the sperm and the whole thing and just like this is just, it's a miracle and yeah
Shaun W.: Anyway, I think. Remember that sperm is what gives life.
Shaun W.: Just
Shaun W.: Women are equal. I'm telling you, you pick a woman off. There's no though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you know, equal but different and right. It's both. It's like you need you and
Shaun W.: And as long as I'll never I'll never understand a woman will never understand me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what if
Shaun W.: We don't have to want you because you're a counselor. So you want to understand. Don't it'll bother you, it'll kill you if you don't understand, it'll drive you nuts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I have
Gwenevere Abriel: I have science. So I can say, you know what I get, how I might have this inclination to be able to hold on to words and systems, a little easier than maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: The male brain might have a more
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of ability to sort of store knowledge and sit with sort of concrete information, a little longer than I will. I might expand it very quickly and they might sort of sit with sequence, a little bit more than I will.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I find it. I don't find it better. I just see it as different and I like it. I see it as more like Yang Yang kind of thing. But again, I'm paid to think that way. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to go through this again. When are you going to tolerate me again. When do I get paid again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two weeks. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're
Shaun W.: Not the only reason I was doing a week is to help you get paid. So I reason I
Gwenevere Abriel: remember you saying that that was that was really
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, let's see. I do have someone scheduled right now. Oh no wait, no, I don't. Let me see, let me keep going. That was May 19 that's next week ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: May 26
Gwenevere Abriel: Nine and
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll revisit this and maybe we can pick up around concepts of life meaning values and things like that. We can play with those a little bit and and kind of touch on that my life is confusing peace and Sean, I know you say I'm paid to act like I care.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are having thoughts like what you had two weeks ago, you know, you can say this day F and socks or you can send a message and I can meet with you earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just telling you, I know you won't you won't accept help, but I gotta tell you that it's there, I have to tell you, it's
Okay, it's recorded
Shaun W.: I would go what what